Creating Kubernetes / OpenShift deployment with Helm Chart (#10606)
eclipse-openj9/openj9: deploy/openj9-chart/README.md

# OpenJ9 Helm Chart

## Introduction

Eclipse OpenJ9 is an independent implementation of a Java Virtual Machine.

> The OpenJ9 Chart allows you to deploy and manage java applications running on OpenJ9 into OKD or OpenShift clusters. You can also perform Day-2 operations such as rolling update your application, enabling JITServer technology for continued performance enhancements or gathering JVM dumps using the operator.

Reviewer: Also, here we specify "OKD or OpenShift clusters". Don't we support any Kubernetes distribution?

## Resources Required

### System

* CPU Requested : 1 CPU
* Memory Requested : 256 MB

### Storage

* Currently no storage or volume needed.

## Chart Details

> * Install one `deployment` running Adopt OpenJ9 image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Install one `deployment` running AdoptOpenJDK OpenJ9 image
```

Does this have to be an Adopt build?  Is any OpenJ9 build from any builder sufficient?

Author: No it doesn't have to be an Adopt build. The image could be from anyone as long as it includes OpenJ9. The image location can be changed here (line 22 in `/deploy/openj9-chart/values.yaml`). 
https://github.com/eclipse/openj9/pull/10606/files#diff-44da2148dd4982f2a9acb128fe6227a4R22

* Install one `service` that is JITServer technology enabled by default

## Prerequisites

### Red Hat OpenShift SecurityContextConstraints Requirements

This chart does not require SecurityContextConstraints to be bound to the target namespace prior to installation.

### PodSecurityPolicy Requirements

This chart does not require PodSecurityPolicy to be bound to the target namespace prior to installation.

### PodDisruptionBudgets Requirement

This chart does not require PodDisruptionBudgets to be bound to the target namespace prior to installation.

## Installing the Chart

``` bash

> helm install my-release PATH_TO_OPENJ9_CHART

Reviewer 2: Is the `my-release` name part of the helm command?  Could it be replaced with something more specific?

Author: `my-release` is just a place holder, a name for the installed helm chart, which is also called a helm release. Should I change the name to `example-openj9` instead? Or please suggest a more intuitive name, thanks.

```

> This chart installs OpenJ9 instance for Java 14 on x86 platform by default. If you would like to use OpenJ9 chart on other platform and different Java version, please override keyword `arch` or `image` with `--set` option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This chart installs OpenJ9 instance for Java 11 on x86 platform by default. If you would like to use OpenJ9 chart on other platform and different Java version, please override keyword `arch` or `image` with `--set` option.
```

This should likely default to an LTS like JDK11.

Author: This has been fixed and the default image has been pointed to a Java 11 image `docker.io/adoptopenjdk:11-jdk-openj9`.

## Verifying the Chart

``` bash
helm test my-release
helm status my-release
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

``` bash
helm delete my-release
```

## Getting started with OpenJ9 JITServer Technology

> JITServer Technology can be used for any OpenJ9 OpenJDK based Java applications. Please make sure that JITServer image runs the same build version of JDK as your java application image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
JITServer technology can be used for any Java application running on OpenJ9. Please make sure that JITServer image runs the same build version of JDK as your application image.
```

Author: Thanks, this has been fixed in latest commit.

``` bash
helm install my-release PATH_TO_OPENJ9_CHART
```

Once JITServer is deployed, you can enable JITServer by adding the following JVM option to your Java application.

You may change `<servicename>` and `<serverport>` by editing `values.yaml`. Look for service name with `kubectl get service`, `<serverport>` is set to `38400` by default.

``` bash

> IBM_JAVA_OPTIONS = -XX:+UseJITServer -XX:JITServerAddress=<servicename> -XX:JITServerPort=<serverport>

Reviewer 3: IBM_JAVA_OPTIONS is not an environment variable used by OpenJ9 - OPENJ9_JAVA_OPTIONS is the equivalent.

Author: Thanks, this has been fixed in the latest commit.

|                |requests.cpu                             |Minimum CPU allocated for container                                          |Defaults to `1`                                            |
|service         |port                                     |Port number that java acceleration listens to                                |Defaults to `38400`                                        |
|replicaCount    |                                         |Number of replica to be deployed                                             |Defaults to `1`                                            |

## Documentation

* See openj9 website: https://www.eclipse.org/openj9/index.html
* See openj9 jitserver: https://www.eclipse.org/openj9/docs/jitserver/
* See openj9 repo: https://github.com/eclipse/openj9
* See openj9 docs: https://github.com/eclipse/openj9-docs

## Limitations

* Deploys on x86 (amd64) and power (ppcle) architecture only, it is intended to support other architectures in future releases.

> * Supports Java 8, Java 11 and Java 14 only, it is intended to support other java versions in future releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Supports Java 8, Java 11 and the current Java release only, it is intended to support other java versions in future releases.
```

Author: Thanks, this has been fixed in latest commit.
